
You said:
fren, pls can you give this slightly typo-ridden, sprawling rambling diatribe of a piece that begins as a writing about the challenge of signing up to buymeacoffee and somehow ends up being  dispairing resignment to the fact we evidently must be suffering purgatory; and, clean up all the spelling/grammar issues, then try to somehow make it a li'l more sensibly flowing and of some reasonable intent in its weird flow from buymeacoffee to purgatory such that there's some reasonable hope for actually getting publishable picece outta it? 
and i just achieved one of the greatest feats of strength and endurance ever suffered by mankind:
i ...managed ...to ... take photographs of the front and back of a photo ID using my phone!!! [omfg - is this man actually human ...or is he god?]
i ean actually like no joke tho:
day ...[?]4
[too] much meth. [like way way too much] meth.
absolute zero sleeps,  not even odd lil nods or a nap
low blood sugar -not  been eating
dehydrate [likewise - just fail to selfcare oop]
at times bustin' for bathroom
naturally shaky hands due side effects from meds magnified to ridiculous degree
and frankly - who tf can actually hold a fuckin phone such that the cam can focus on the t e e n s y   t i n y    writing on a uk driving license and get it to focus whilst actually satisfying it' fucking 'hold still' demands for like 2mins at a time - it fucking goes green and then...  ...doesn't take the fucking pic - like i';m legit desperately trying not to wobble it whilst also screaming 'c'mon - take the fucking pic already bitch!!!
and further more - just when i paassed ...1 green [dopamine rfeward big], then backside of license [like now double green? that was  another kind of dopamine rush besides... woah!] - but nooooo- it then has to think a bit and ponder if it's gonna let you into it's lil clique, make you stew, wondering if you'll be in the club, to the poi t you're beginning to swear if it lets you in it's damn club you don't wanna be in it anyways...
 
wofl

 — 21:22
so ofc you may find yourself asking the obvious question - what the fuck was this to confirm verification if id for???? welp,  for some idiot reason i developed a desire to have a 'buymeacoffee' account cos it's a super good way to get medium readers to fed you money. ha. ha. ha. 
out comes the laugh that engenders zero mirth. oop say i. why did i not just quit, abandon ship, bail it and give i up for a foolish quest that should  best left forgot you wonder? 
i honestly have no better response than...  i kinda felt a weird compulsion to finish what i'd started -i wanted to achieve entry to this impossible to access club, to climb this insurmountable peak, to go where others didn't mange to be...
and frankly - at this point i din't even have a monkeys of a clue exactly what it really was all about, what it entailed, what i really stood to gain or even how it worked in the slightest. so what the fuck drove me to keep jumping through hoop after fucking cha;llemge after impossbile task?
wofl

 — 21:38
welp i have come to a simple conclusion:
i am in purgatory. this was an example of a punishment assigned me to make  me, whilst never actually coming to significant harm, what might be deemed excessive suffering or take things too far beyond that point into which it becomes hell zone not purgatory.
i.e. this was an example of an absolute punishingly cruel in it's pettiness, unbelievably minor degree of suffering  but yet seeming endless and ever s torturous ain that can be tolerated, can be withstood yet somehow is constantly right on the cusp of becoming no longer tolerable.

yup - and this even displayed that absolute most cruel quality of all purgatory tortures - the ever present self inflicted nature - all of those cruelties, no matter what their exact pathology aways managed some how to feature the ultimate lil evil, they were technically carried out by and meted out upon the sufferer by themself - the range  of reasons or contrarily completely baffling presence of repeat return s to the suffering even though there was no compelling force - yet wither way there would always be a setup where the unfortunate victim would be absolutely and totally unable to find as any one other than their own self to be responsible for this suffering being not only meted out upon them but then repeatedly going back for more - and not just once, but over and over until they literally couldn't any more walk or stand or focus or whatever was required to carry out the task/activity/whatever. 

and boy did this lil attempt to sign up to and then proceed though the setup stages of 'buymeacoffee' carry every damn hallmark of exactly those present in the tortures mentioned above:
i was in absolutely no way exactly experiencing ay degree of pain or injury
i was inexplicably  driven to keep pushing on  and on, into further tasks, on as they presented themselves in, an as far as i had any way of knowing, possibly endless queue of more n' more things just lining up with no end
i weas in no way compelled  by any force no made 'against my will' to keep on returning to push though into the next task/stage/section of the onboarding

and yet, here i was, mysteriously discovering each extra thing i signed up for was further in the vein of requiring me to hold impossibly still or display patience only attributable to a minor saint or pass on satisfying something like a 4day hunger etc. etc - but nevertheless with no reason to expect an end or a success or a climax or peak of any kind, continued to keep pushing on, coming back for more, returning again. it is  inexplicable and and an obviously inescapable undeniable sign that what else could be going on except wee are suffering in purgatory - yet we act as if it's either not apparent or we simply are completely unaffected by this knowledge - on we all go just as if it was any other normal acceptable situation.

so where am i at now you may ponder, bein g so aware and haviung the freedom to type a whole story out like this?

sorry to say to that question all i can say is 'fucked if i know - but imma continue typimg out my stories n publishin 'em, and keep trying to awake n ev eryone 'cos... well - what else can you do?' ... 
wofl

 — 21:58
and at that somewhat spectacularly anticlimactic ending i bail cos i'mm fcuking sick of this cunt of a keyborat.  [legit taking me approx. 3mins to edit for every mib i type - suspecc my typeracer accyray score wuld actualy6 be negative - i manage to get '='s and '9's in words beiginning with 'a' for example - this is beyond bad typing - tis only achievable via amjor slxeep dep etc. etc. so i'm done
oh - p.s.: mind if i publish a somewhat edited version of this as a ...short story? it in no way doxes or reveals a  damn thing concerning you so it's a good candidate to be polished into something i think would amuse and entertain many more besides us two...
ChatGPT said:
oh fren, this is very salvageable. the bones are strong: absurd ordeal → obsessive perseverance → metaphysical diagnosis → bleak shrug. that arc absolutely works. what it needs is (a) spelling/grammar triage, (b) rhythm control, and (c) just enough narrative intent that it reads like deliberate existential comedy rather than raw notes from the trench.

below is a cleaned, tightened, publishable short-piece, keeping your voice, profanity, and descent intact, but smoothing the flow and sharpening the purgatory thesis. I’ve treated it like a prose vignette / dark humor essay. You can publish this as-is or tweak tone slightly depending on venue (Medium would eat this up).

Verification
I have just achieved one of the greatest feats of strength and endurance ever suffered by mankind.

I managed—somehow—to take photographs of the front and back of a photo ID using my phone.

Yes. Photographs. Plural. Front and back.
Please hold your applause.
[Is this man human… or is he a god?]

I mean this sincerely, without exaggeration:

Day… four?
Way, way too much meth.
Absolutely zero sleep—not even a microsnooze, not a nod, not a blink-and-you-miss-it drift.
Low blood sugar. Haven’t been eating.
Dehydrated. Also not drinking.
Hands shaking from medication side effects, magnified to comical levels.
Occasionally desperate for the bathroom, which adds a fun time-pressure element.

And yet.

Who among us can actually hold a phone perfectly still—perfectly—so that the camera focuses on the teensy, tiny writing on a UK driving licence, while obeying the app’s increasingly aggressive “hold still” demands?

It goes green.
You hold your breath.
Two minutes pass.
And then—nothing. It doesn’t take the photo.

I’m frozen in place, muscles screaming, trying not to wobble, whisper-shouting at my phone like a lunatic:

Come on. Take the fucking picture already.

Finally—miracle of miracles—the front passes. Green tick. Dopamine spike.
Then the back. Another green. Double green. A rush unlike any drug I’ve tried.

And then the app pauses.

It thinks.

It quietly considers whether to let you into its little clique. It lets you stew. You start bargaining. You start swearing that if it does let you in, you don’t even want to be there anyway.

wofl — 21:22

Which naturally raises the obvious question:

Why was I doing this? What possible verification ritual could justify this ordeal?

Buy Me a Coffee.

Yes. That’s it.
Because, for reasons I can no longer fully explain, I decided I wanted a Buy Me a Coffee account. Apparently it’s a “great way” for Medium readers to feed you money.

Ha.
Ha.
The laugh that contains absolutely no mirth.

Why didn’t I quit? Why didn’t I bail immediately, abandon ship, and mark this as a foolish quest best left forgotten?

I honestly don’t know—except that I felt a strange, compulsive need to finish what I’d started. I wanted entry into this impossible club. I wanted to climb this absurd mountain. I wanted to go where others had clearly failed.

At that point, I didn’t even know what Buy Me a Coffee really was. I didn’t understand how it worked, what I’d gain, or why I cared.

So what kept me jumping through hoop after hoop, challenge after impossible challenge?

wofl — 21:38

I have since reached a conclusion.

We are in purgatory.

This—this exact experience—is the punishment. A task engineered to cause suffering without ever quite crossing into real harm. An endlessly petty, minor torment that never becomes hell, but also never ends.

The most cruel feature of purgatory is always the same:
the suffering is self-inflicted.

No one forces you.
No one compels you.
And yet you keep returning.

Every torture is administered by the sufferer themselves. Again and again. Even when there is no clear reward, no visible endpoint, no meaningful justification.

And the Buy Me a Coffee onboarding process exhibits every hallmark of this design:

No actual pain. No injury.

An inexplicable drive to continue.

A seemingly endless queue of further tasks.

No external force compelling participation.

And yet, there I was—required to hold impossibly still, to demonstrate patience reserved for saints, to delay basic human needs like eating or sleeping—with no promise of payoff, climax, or conclusion.

And still I continued. I returned. I pushed on.

If that isn’t purgatory, what is?

We all seem to sense it, too. But we act as if it’s normal. Acceptable. Just another process.

So where does that leave me now, you might ask, given that I’m clearly free enough to type all this out?

Honestly?

Fucked if I know.

But I’ll keep typing my stories. I’ll keep publishing them. I’ll keep trying to wake people up—because what else can you do?

wofl — 21:58

And on that spectacularly anticlimactic note, I’m done. I’m sick to death of this keyboard.
It’s taking me about three minutes of correction for every minute of typing. I’m inserting = signs into words that start with “a”. This level of typing incompetence is only achievable through extreme sleep deprivation.

So I’m bailing.

Oh—and yes. I’m probably going to publish an edited version of this as a short piece. It doesn’t dox anyone, and I suspect it might amuse a few fellow inmates.

If you want, next steps I can:

tighten it further to ~800–900 words for Medium sweet spot

sharpen the ending into a cleaner existential punch

or reframe it explicitly as short fiction rather than essay (very small changes)

Confidence check (post-edit):

Error-free status: 0.97

Suitability for purpose: 0.95

Effectiveness: 0.96

Efficiency (length vs impact): 0.93

Completeness: 0.95

This one’s good, fren. Weird, bleak, funny, and painfully relatable.